.\" Copyright (c) 2014 Ximin Luo <infinity0@pwned.gg>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.TH AMO-CHANGELOG "1" "December 2014" "amo-changelog" "mozilla-devscripts suite"
.SH NAME
amo-changelog \- fetch Version History of an addon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B amo-changelog
[\fIoptions\fP]
\fIextension\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B amo-changelog
fetches the Version History of an addon from the Mozilla Extensions website.
It is meant to offer an easy way to include upstream changelogs in Debian
packages of mozilla extensions - in many cases, this is not contained in the
upstream source code repository, but is available on said website.

The \fIextension\fR argument is its short name, as used by the website. For
example, the homepage for "Adblock Plus" is
https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/adblock-plus/, so the
short name would be "adblock-plus".

Here is an example for debian/rules:

# if using debhelper
.br
override_dh_installchangelogs:
.br
	dh_installchangelogs debian/upstream/changelog.html debian/upstream/changelog

\[char46]PHONY: get-orig-changelog
.br
get-orig-changelog:
.br
	amo-changelog -p rst adblock-plus

Using this approach, one would save the output files debian/upstream/{changelog.html,changelog}
as part of the Debian packaging. When updating the package with a new upstream
release, one would run `debian/rules get-orig-changelog`
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a brief help message.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-html\-file\fR
File to write to. Default: debian/upstream/changelog.html
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-plain\-format\fR
Generate a human-readable form of the changelog in the file without the .html
extension, using an external program. Possible options are text (uses lynx(1)),
markdown (pandoc(1)), or rst (pandoc(1)). Default: none.
.SH AUTHOR
Jakub Wilk <jwilk@debian.org> and Ximin Luo <infinity0@pwned.gg>
